---
title: 教育文化-出国留学
date: 2018-05-19 21:58:29
tags: [回复轮,必备范文]
categories: 
	- English
	- Writing
---

<iframe frameborder="no" border="0" marginwidth="0" marginheight="0" width=330 height=86 src="//music.163.com/outchain/player?type=2&id=32897448&auto=1&height=66"></iframe>


The chart above clearly reflects the amount of people studying abroad and the growth rate between 2005 and 2015 in China. 
According to the survey, the number of people studying overseas has been on a steady rise from 118,000 to 523,000.
However,its growth rate fluctuated dramatically between approximately 5% and nearly 30%.


Several major factors contribute to the aforementioned changes.
On the one hand, for the majority of people, living and studying in a foreign country provides an excellent opportunity to expend their knowledge. In order to become truly proficient in a foreign language, it is vital to learn its culture--including social interaction, customs and conventions, and so on.
on the other hand, overseas studies also provides us with a valuable chance to learn how to be more open-minded and independent. It takes a person with strong willpower and an independent spirit to live alone and fully adadpt to the culture of a foreign land.

To sum up, by studying abroad, people are able to augment their linguistic knowledge and deepen their cultural understanding, to the benefit of their future careers.
In the meanwhile, those equipped with the qualities of open-mindedness and independence will be able to contribute more effectively to, and be more competitive in, the modern-day workplace.