---
title: 教育文化类-大学扩招
date: 2018-05-08 10:48:56
tags: [回复轮,必备范文]
categories:
	- English
	- Writing
---
<iframe frameborder="no" border="0" marginwidth="0" marginheight="0" width=330 height=86 src="//music.163.com/outchain/player?type=2&id=420154440&auto=1&height=66"></iframe>

The diagram above clearly illustrates that a dramatic increase has occurred in the **recruitment** of Master of Engineering(ME)in China during the past seven years.
According to the statistics given above, we may conclude that the recruitment of MEs was on a steady rise from 1998 to 2004.
In 1998, the number was at a low of only about 2,500.
Surprisingly, it reached more than 35,000 in 2004, within no more than seven years.

Some driving factors that contribute to the above-mentioned change may be summarized as follows.
First and foremost, China has become particularly active in manufacturing, which has led to an increased demand for qualified engineers.
In addition, the development of the job market on the whole cannot keep pace with the expansion of college graduates, which has obliged a large number of students to stay on campus for another three years to get better prepared for their careers.
Last but not least, working pressure is another reason. Taking all these factors into account, we may predict that with the speedy development of our society, the recruitment of MEs will keep growing in the forthcoming decade.

On the other side of the coin, however, this tendency may bring about a good many problems, such as the waste of talent.
It is necessary for us to take effective measures to ensure this situation doesn't get out of hand, and encourage students to choose majors for which both theoretical knowledge and pratical skills will be demanded in the job market.
