---
title: 教育文化类-读书
date: 2018-05-12 19:23:51
tags: [回复轮,必备范文]
categories: 
	- English
	- Writing
---
<iframe frameborder="no" border="0" marginwidth="0" marginheight="0" width=330 height=86 src="//music.163.com/outchain/player?type=2&id=534064298&auto=1&height=66"></iframe>



The column chart above reveals clearly the statistics of reading quantity per person in seven countries in 2013.
Based upon the data, the reading volumes in the U.S. ,Israel and Russia are highest among the seven nations,accounting for 56,44 and 42 books per person respectively.
On the contrary, those in Korea and China are lowest, taking up merely 11 and 4 books. 

This tendency is rather disturbing, for reading extensively is no less necessary to one's mental life than fresh air is to one's physical life.
From reading extensively, we can derive companionship, experience and instruction.
First and foremost, a good book is our faithful friend. It can increase our contentment when we are cheerful and happy, and lessen our pain when we are sad or lonely.
Furthermore, reading extensively can also offer us a wide range of experience.
Few of us can travel far from home or live long over one hundred, but all of us can live many different lives through the pages of books.
Last but not least, reading extensively can increase our intellectual ability, broaden our minds and make us wise.

Though with the advent of TV, cellphone and the Internet, books are no longer read as extensively as they once were, nothing can replace the role that reading extensively plays in our live. 