---
title: '社会热点类:人口老龄化'
date: 2018-04-16 19:41:34
tags: 回复轮
categories: 
	- English
	- Writing
---
<iframe frameborder="no" border="0" marginwidth="0" marginheight="0" width=330 height=86 src="//music.163.com/outchain/player?type=2&id=503265&auto=1&height=66"></iframe>


As can be seen from the mixed chart above, the population over 60 years old in China has increased markedly from 2000 and will continue to grow in the coming decades. 
From the statistics given in the diagram, we can estimate that there were 120 million aged people in 2000, accounting for about 10% of the total population, while the number will shoot up to 450 million in 2050, approximately 35% of the total.


From my point of view, the government, society and the children of the old should all care for the old together. Only one or two parties' involvement will not be enough.
How well we handle this social issue reflects the degree of civilization of our country. To begin with, all citizens with income pay taxes to the government, so the authority is obiged to ensure a stable and happy life for its people. 
In addition, society, including companies, associations and organizations, should play a positive role in helping the aged people, both financially and spiritually.
Last but not least, the children of the elderly should be responsible for their parents, because their parents have not only brought them into the world, but also raised them to be useful citizens.

In conclusion, I suggest that the entire society should create an environment conducive to the happy life of the elderly. No one can escape the obligation.

