---
title: 社会热点-网上购物
date: 2018-05-19 21:58:43
tags: [回复轮,必备范文]
categories: 
	- English
	- Writing
---

<iframe frameborder="no" border="0" marginwidth="0" marginheight="0" width=330 height=86 src="//music.163.com/outchain/player?type=2&id=29732957&auto=1&height=66"></iframe>


The column chart above illustrates the turnover in online shopping and its growth rate in China from 2001 to 2008.
During this period, there was a dramatic increase from 0.6 billion in 2001 to 125 billion in 2008 in turnover.
Meanwhile, the growth rate decreased from 200% to 110.4%, a decline of about 90 percentage points.


While online shopping is not without its risks, it offers people an excellent alternative to the traditional way of shopping.
The first reason that e-shopping is so appealing is its relative case and convenience.
For conscientious students with **hectic** schedules, purchasing items on eBay or Taobao.com, among other websites, is an excellent way to free up valuable time for their studies.
The second advantage of online shopping is that it is available 24/7.
Being able to shop at any and all hours of the day is **conducive** to the late nights associated with the modern lifestyle; at the same time, it means that people no longer have to plan their activities around stores' opening hours.

Despite the advantages to people of making purchases online, there are also a few caveats that young people should bear in mind.
Firstly, the speediness and convenience of e-shopping may encourage **frivolous** or unnecessary spending by inducing people to buy more than they had initially intended.
Secondly, there is a chance that those people who are already introverted may become even more **alienated** from the outside world.