---
title: '社会热点类:健康'
date: 2018-04-09 12:22:04
tags: [回复轮,十大必备范文]
categories: 
	- English
	- Writing
---
<iframe frameborder="no" border="0" marginwidth="0" marginheight="0" width=330 height=86 src="//music.163.com/outchain/player?type=2&id=503184&auto=1&height=66"></iframe>

The line chart above illustrates clearly the amount of **gymnasiums** and people doing exercises in a certain city between 2014 and 2016.
As is **revealed** in the graph, the statistics of people doing exercises has been on a steady rise, from one million to nearly two million, while the number of gyms has increased considerably from 600 to about 860, a rise of about 260.


Several factors could contribute to this tendency. In the first place, with the quickening pace and ever-increasing pressure of urban life, people in growing numbers are suffering either physical or mental problems. Thus,gymnasiums in mounting numbers have been built by concerned departments. In the second place, the desire for health is universal. Accordingly, people variously choose jogging, playing basketball, swimming, skating, climbing or riding as their regular exercise because exercise never fails to make them stronger and more energetic.


As far as I am concerned, I have a **peculiar** interest in yoga as a form of exercise. An hour's exercise every day makes me feel healthier and more **vigorous**. Besides, I never touch **cigarettes** or wine, nor do I stay up later. Instead, I keep a balanced diet and go to bed before 11 o'clock at night, because I believe burning the midnight oil is harmful to health. More importantly, an optimistic attitude toward life makes me confident and persistent. To sum up, all these pratices guarantee a healthy body and a happy life.